You can easily rotate the 3D board by clicking and dragging with the right mouse button.
You can move pieces on either the 3D board, or the 2D board, just click a piece with your left mouse button and drag it to where you want to move.
You can change how tough the computer opponent is by going to 'Options->Computer Play Options...' Click the Help button on this dialog box to find out more.
PGN files can be downloaded from the Internet, and can contain thousands of games which you can browse through and study. Press Ctrl+O to open a PGN file.
If you just want to use the 3D board view then you can make it fill the entire screen by pressing Ctrl+E, pressing this again returns to the default view.
You can get a hint by pressing Ctrl+H, this will make the computer display the best move it can think of.
You can configure the computer opponent to use different types of opening by going to: 'Options->Openings...' you can choose from several different styles.
You can force the computer to make a move by pressing Ctrl+P, it will even make a move for you if it's your turn.
You can go backwards or forwards through your moves at any time using the arrow keys, which is useful for analysing games, or taking back a bad move.
You can swap sides and play as the opposite color by pressing Ctrl+B, you can even do this halfway through a game and continue playing as the other side.
You can save your game as a PGN file by pressing Ctrl+S, PGN files are recognised by most chess software and analysis programs.
You can zoom in or out of the 3D board by pressing the + or - keys, or you can click the magnifying glass on the toolbar.
The opening being used in a game is automatically detected and display in the bottom-right of the screen, this is useful for learning new openings.
If you have a slow computer you can disable the 3D board view by pressing Ctrl+D, this will dramatically increase performance.
You can rotate the 2D board 180 degrees by pressing Ctrl+R, which is useful for seeing the game from your opponent's perspective.
You can view a list of the game moves by pressing Ctrl+L